New serverless pattern - CloudFront to APIGW with alternative origin for large uploads (#2684)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: cloudfront-apigw-large-uploads/README.md

> # Amazon Cloudfront to APIGW routing to alternative origin for large payloads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Route large API payloads to alternate origin

```

> API Gateway has a [payload limit of 10mb](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/limits.html#http-api-quotas) which cannot be increaed. This pattern shows how to use Lambda@Edge to route client POST request to an alternative origin based on payload size of the POST request or URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon API Gateway has a [payload limit of 10mb](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/limits.html#http-api-quotas). This pattern shows how to use Lambda@Edge to route client POST request to an alternative origin based on payload size of the POST request.

```

## Requirements

* [Create an AWS account](https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/registration/index.html) if you do not already have one and log in. The IAM user that you use must have sufficient permissions to make necessary AWS service calls and manage AWS resources.
* [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html) installed and configured
* [Git Installed](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [AWS Cloud Development Kit](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/getting_started.html) (AWS CDK) installed

## Deployment Instructions

1. Create a new directory, navigate to that directory in a terminal and clone the GitHub repository:
    ``` 
    git clone https://github.com/aws-samples/serverless-patterns
    ```
1. Change directory to the pattern directory:
    ```
    cd cloudfront-apigw-large-uploads
    ```
1. From the command line, use AWS CDK to deploy the AWS resources for the pattern as specified in the `large_uploads_test/test_stack.py` file.
    ```
    python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
    cdk synth
    cdk deploy
    ```

## How it works

> A Cloudfront distribution is created with 2 origins:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Cloudfront distribution is created with 2 origins:

```
```suggestion
An Amazon CloudFront distribution is created with 2 origins:

```

> * Default Origin - API Gateway with a Lambda Integration that returns stub responses based on HTTP request method.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Default Origin - API Gateway with an AWS Lambda Integration returning a stub responses based on HTTP request method.  

```

> * Custom Origin - A mock HTTP endpoint which sends a response with information from the request. We are using echo.free.beeceptor.com but you can substitue this with other endpoint URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Custom Origin - A mock HTTP endpoint which sends a response with information from the request. We are using echo.free.beeceptor.com but you can use any other endpoint.

```

When a HTTP POST request is handled by CloudFront, a Lambda@Edge function is invoked as an Origin Request. This Lambda@Edge function uses the method and `ceontent-length` HTTP headers from the client request to determine whether the request should go to a custom origin. 
![diagram](diagram.png)

> ## Testing

Reviewer: Move the CDK setup steps to the Deployment instructions section.

1. Set region to us-east-1 for your CDK environment, this is because Lambda@edge functions need to exist us-east-1 region.
1. cdk bootstrap
1. cdk deploy
1. Once deployed, find the CloudFront distribution URL and use it in the following `curl` commands

#### Test 1: 
A GET request that CloudFront will route to API gateway

`curl https://<CloudFront distribution URL> -i`

Example output:
```
    HTTP/2 200
    content-type: application/json
    ...more headers...

    {"message": "GET request processed by API Gateway!"}
```

#### Test 2: 
A POST request that CloudFront will route to API gateway as the payload size is smaller than `MAX_FILE_SIZE` defined in lambda.mjs.

`curl https://<CloudFront distribution URL> -i -X POST -F 'data=@smallFile.example' -H 'content-type: appli
cation/json'`

Example output:
```
    HTTP/2 201
    content-type: application/json
    ...more headers...

    {"message": "POST request processed by API Gateway!"}
```

#### Test 3: 
A POST request that CloudFront will route to a custom origin as the payload size is larger than `MAX_FILE_SIZE` defined in `lambda.mjs`.

> `curl https://<CloudFront distribution URL> -i -X POST -F 'data=@largeFile.example`

Reviewer: This test fails with the  `{"message": "POST request processed by API Gateway!"}` response.

Example output:
```
    HTTP/2 200
    content-type: application/json
    ...more headers...

    {
        "method": "POST",
        "protocol": "https",
        "host": "echo.free.beeceptor.com",
    ...more response body
```

#### Test 4: 

> A POST request to a specific URL that CloudFront will route to a custom origin based on the Behaviour defined in `app.py`.

Reviewer: This test fails with `{"message":"Missing Authentication Token"}`
